Update module default groups documentation (#1893)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_module_defaults.rst

Module defaults groups
----------------------

> Collections can define groups in the ``meta/runtime.yml`` file. ``module_defaults`` does not take the ``collections`` keyword into account, so the fully qualified group name must be used for new groups in ``module_defaults``.

Reviewer: I would add some text that explains what module default groups actually are. Maybe like this:
```suggestion
Module default groups allow to provide common parameters to groups of modules that belong together. Collections can define such groups in their ``meta/runtime.yml`` file.

.. note::
    ``module_defaults`` does not take the ``collections`` keyword into account, so the fully qualified group name must be used for new groups in ``module_defaults``.
```
I've also moved the part on the `collections` keyword to a note.

+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Group   | Extended module group                                                                                              |
+=========+====================================================================================================================+
| aws     | amazon.aws.aws and community.aws.aws                                                                               |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| azure   | azure.azcollection.azure                                                                                           |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| gcp     | google.cloud.gcp                                                                                                   |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | k8s     | community.kubernetes.k8s, community.general.k8s, community.kubevirt.k8s, community.okd.k8s and kubernetes.core.k8s |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| k8s     | community.kubernetes.k8s, community.general.k8s, community.kubevirt.k8s, community.okd.k8s, and kubernetes.core.k8s |
```

+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| acme    | community.crypto.acme                                                                                              |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| docker* | community.general.docker and community.docker.docker                                                               |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ovirt   | ovirt.ovirt.ovirt and community.general.ovirt                                                                      |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| vmware  | community.vmware.vmware                                                                                            |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> * The `docker_stack <docker_stack_module>`_ module is not included in the ``docker`` defaults group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check out the community.docker documentation which Docker modules are included in the ``docker`` defaults group.
```

Module defaults groups
----------------------

Module default groups allow to provide common parameters to groups of modules that belong together. Collections can define such groups in their ``meta/runtime.yml`` file.

.. note::
    ``module_defaults`` does not take the ``collections`` keyword into account, so the fully qualified group name must be used for new groups in ``module_defaults``.

Here is an example ``runtime.yml`` file for the ``ns.coll`` collection.

> This file defines an action group named ``ns.coll.my_group`` and places the ``sample_module`` from ``ns.coll`` and ``another_module`` from ``another.collection`` into the group.

Reviewer: Can you add the following (or something similar) after the code block below (I cannot add a comment there directly):
```rst
More information on meta/runtime.yml, including the complete format for `action_groups`, can be found in :ref:`meta_runtime_yml`.
```

Author: > Can you add the following (or something similar) after the code block below (I cannot add a comment there directly):
> 
> ```
> More information on meta/runtime.yml, including the complete format for `action_groups`, can be found in :ref:`meta_runtime_yml`.
> ```

@felixfontein [Like this](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-documentation/pull/1893/commits/5a021e90570ec2fe2020a8b5cbf9f0320dc9b8e4)?

+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| acme    | community.crypto.acme                                                                                              |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| docker* | community.general.docker and community.docker.docker                                                               |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ovirt   | ovirt.ovirt.ovirt and community.general.ovirt                                                                      |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| vmware  | community.vmware.vmware                                                                                            |
+---------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> * Check out the community.docker documentation which Docker modules are included in the ``docker`` defaults group.

Reviewer 2: Looks good to me.  My only suggestion is this should be a more generic statement since all collections are responsible for the list of modules/action plugins in the extended groups. The hardcoded list in ansible-core was removed for 2.10 (in https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/69919).

```suggestion
* Check out the documentation for the collection or its meta/runtime.yml to see which action plugins and modules are included in the group.
```

Reviewer: In that case, the `*` next to `docker` should be removed (and probably also the one in front of this sentence).
